ref in schema:
The ref option is what tells mongoose. js which model to use during population .

get() method:
The get() method in Express.js is used to handle GET requests. It takes two arguments: the path and the callback
function. The path is the URL that the client will use to make the request, and the callback function is the
function that will be executed when the request is received.
The callback function takes two arguments: the request object and the response object. The request object 
contains information about the request, such as the URL, the headers, and the body. 
The response object is used to send a response back to the client.

The get() method can also be used to handle GET requests to specific paths.
code:
app.get('/users', function(req, res) {
  // Get all users from the database
  var users = db.getUsers();

  // Send the users back to the client
  res.send(users);
});

This code will get all users from the database and send them back to the client as a JSON response.


You're on the right track! Your question raises several important points about web servers and how "localhost" fits into the picture. Let's break it down:

1. Localhost vs. Web Server:

Localhost is not technically a web server itself. It's a loopback address (usually 127.0.0.1) that refers to 
your own computer. Your computer can act as a client and a server at the same time.
Web servers are software applications that run on computers and respond to 
requests from clients (like web browsers) across a network. 
They can be local on your machine or remote on an internet server.

2. How Localhost Acts as a "Web Server":

You can run web server software on your computer, making it accessible through "localhost." 
This is common for development and testing purposes.
Popular web server software for local use includes Apache, Node.js with frameworks like Express, 
and Python's built-in SimpleHTTPServer.

3. Benefits of Using Localhost:

Testing websites and applications privately before deploying them online.
Developing web features without needing an internet connection.
Experimenting with web technologies in a safe and isolated environment.

4. Key Points to Remember:

Localhost is an address, not a server in itself.
You can run web server software on your computer to use it with localhost.
This is beneficial for development and testing, but doesn't replace remote web servers for public websites.

In summary, localhost is a valuable tool for developers, offering a convenient way to simulate a web 
server environment on their own machines. This helps them build and test websites offline before 
publishing them online for the world to see.

3. express.json()
- This middleware is used for accessing the body of request.